the shock and the craft show talking on the
youtube with a car video I pari
Where I 'm going to teach you only got the
your microphone because many people have
doubt, I keep wondering sometimes.
Until when I'm going to record the song with me and
with a microphone costume I not to
getting well I'll choose one
Any music here I'm going to give nursery
close the chat you already saw that
appeared here the face that to use
your camera and microphone
many people do not notice it and ends in
Click here to allow
click enable
and here you can see that afterwards it will
allow will appear blue little goes
turning blue sometimes appears in the
center of the screen the same thing only that is
Pay the price asking if he can
use your microphone or go
appear
the site of the channel that goes for him
appear if you allow a deny without limit
and remember and there you do not need all the time
between repeating this process if
even though they did not work in settings
continue and here you will have
plus one on the side here of these microphones and
click more and there will be several
calls microphones has more than 2
clicking on what you are using or
using a tech sb headset look that
the standard microphone I bought clicked
lenny and if you have a little stir here
one does not move you go to the
end and see if it is improving
if you do not give another 71 if you
do not know that the microphone is
I'll leave it here, I'll leave it.
here a cyclist and children repeat the
Process allow himself not
you come here transfigurations
Of google
write privacy or show
Advanced settings in hp
content settings
you will see media and here you will have your
microphone that is recorded on the chrome
I have three in case I as I said the
blog tech I click here camera I do not have
no one ask me said that
Here I think it has no way to change
It's always going to be so I'll manage
this dream if you can see here that the
default in host behavior and the
face that here is already going to have to
allowed to allow or does not need
Clicking all the time again because
I already left to remember permanently
usually as I spoke well of the warning in the
google chrome and the guy who stops the world
I want you to stop like I told you this
selection that will appear here in between
the screen as I remembered the karaoke for
I do not remember how to go back to
show you guys I'm gonna try that shaq
to show how it works and I'll be right back
beauty get personal will show up
More or less, it will stay with you.
you have two options you will click on
Peniche remember not to stay that is the
adobe flash player
the pad and also have other options for
to seduce is to know my microphone that
If you want to do a stretch here, too.
to do and will be movement in the belt
and it will appear so you do not remember
closing your microphone is already translating
I think there's no way you can only do it.
wrong procedure that your
microphone will not work in a clear
Any questions that make me comments are
I 'll try to help you and if I have
doing something wrong because
You did all this procedure.
That's the way I said it sure goes.
pick up right
Good if you have another question, too.
You can enter here the site that I'm going to
leave in the video chat description of the
Portuguese state understands English and will
explain a little more in the microphone
also that I explained more or less in the
video only that much more detailed
I'm going to stay here, the species has
shown the video link in favorites if
Did you like the paper in the disclosure?
comment if you liked understood or if
would have
a doubt and until the next you can leave
Boot has only adapted to Botafogo.